Miss Sheguan
Come on, come on, please take a seat, please take a seat
Oh, why didn't the eldest son come?
Thanks to the photo of the big man behind my Guan family
My brother has to go
This is not
Will I come to celebrate his birthday in his place today?
But what does the Shangguan family mean?
Could it be that it is humiliating my official family?
Oh, Miss Guan, don't get me wrong.
These things are all Shangguan Linglong being fooled
self-made
Don't worry, what kind of night wind and dust does he care about?
I don't recognize the Shangguan family
Yo, this is the vision of the first beauty in the imperial capital
Shangguan Linglong
I thought you found something in the sky
An all-powerful young genius
I didn't expect it to be a nonsense
Miss Guan, please pay attention to your wording
Where are you from, little girl?
Guan Jiaguan Qianqian
Guan family, right?
Humph
You're not stupid enough to think
Everyone in this room can be deceived by you, right?
This scam is too clumsy
Miss Guan, right?
Your official family has seen the glorious pioneer
Dare to say my bottle is fake